Name: Nathan Garrett
Date: 04/17/2021

1.  What is a Template?
  A template is a class that allows the programmer to use generic types with objects.  That way you can have the convenience of not needing to rewrite the 
  same object code with different data types multiple times and instead have one that accepts all data types.  For example, if you have an array of vectors,
  you could save a lot of memory space by having it set the data to an int, short, or even byte if you have inputs that are whole numbers or small numbers
  instead of designating the parameters to every vector a double.
  
  
2.  What is the fundamental difference between how Java and C++ implement collections?
  As far as importing them, they are similar in the sense that you make the import/include statement at the beginning of the code, but the way Java implements its
  collections is that they are implemented as an object through the collections framework interface where you can manipulate data.  In C++, the collections are 
  implemented through libraries containing template classes that you can then use to maniulate data through many different data structures.
  
3.  What is the difference between a template and a class?
  This one I believe is a broad vs narrow scope comparison.  A template manages how a group of classes will be generated and used, while a class defines how a group of
  individual objects will be constructed. 
  
7.  What is the difference between the meaning of <> in a Java generic and in a C++ template instantiation?
  In Java, you use the angle brackets in a generic class instantiation to define what data type will be used in it.  For example, if I say ArrayList<String>, the 
  parameter used to instantiate the class is defined as a string, so I can only use strings as arguments for it.  In C++ for template instantiation, the stuff inside
  the angle brackets are arguments of the template on how to make the class.  So your arguments can be objects, strings, primitives, or a combination of them.
  
8.  Why can’t you store references in a container?
  The main reason for this I believe is that a reference cannot be empty/null, and a container is essentially making a framework for a data structure to be manipulated
  in the future, and would need to hold a null or undefined spot in memory, so you get an error when trying to build that framework with a reference that has to 
  be instantiated with a value of some sort.  For example, say you managed to make a vector with references, but you need to delete an element from the middle and
  shift the values above it to close the gap in the array.  All those values would now need to be re-referenced, but since reference dereferencing is implicit, it
  crashes because you can't reseat, move, resize, or have an empty space in memory when dealing with references.  
